Live to see people
Dead to see corpse
It's getting more and more chaotic outside the customs now.
Who knows those two little beasts?
Is he already dead?
how
Your Jiro will not die
My Jiro will die
General general
The general is bad
Something happened outside the customs
General Chen Fu's troops
Once defeated by that demon
Less than 30 percent survived.
How could this be?
It's only been a few days.
4,000 elite soldiers lost
Come on, I'm going to ask this blonde's crime in person
general
Chen Fu will die in battle
This time the demon is extraordinary
These years, there are more and more ghosts every year
Something will happen outside the customs sooner or later
general
Us soldiers
This has angered the wife and children to the point where Yucheng is closed
Anyway, there is no one outside the customs
Why don't we take the soldiers back to Yuchengguan?
Bullshit.
Soldiers don't know how to fight
Do you miss those pussy feet every day?
You're a fucking soldier
Come on, this time I will lead the troops myself
Let me see what this mere demon ghost refuses
Ye Xuan, it's raining, don't practice
I'll practice a little longer
You go back first
that
That day, Ye Xuan practiced his sword in the cold rain
And then of course fell ill and then
Grandpa student is sick
He was on fire.
I can't wake up no matter what I call
Please save him
Grandpa won't
This annoying typhoid fever
Grandpa won't have
You won't have either
So grandpa didn't fly to study how to treat it
Oops, don't look at it, what should I do?
Just let him carry it
Then I will use my heart protector.
Is that so?
You put that stinky rag on his forehead
Soak in cold water
It should be fine soon. Okay.
Xi'er
It takes thousands of years of practice for your mind to produce a piece
Can give birth to the dead and flesh and bones
How can it be used on such a small set?
Don't worry.
Otherwise, the kid's dog life will be known
Don't put your mind on that stinky boy
Got it.
Female college students do not stay in middle school
This is pretending
It's overdone.
Sister, please say less
Ye Xuan is like this
I don't know if this is going to work.
Aren't you cold blooded?
Why don't you put your hand directly on his head?
Cool him down
Can it work? Probably